Simplify prerequisite for lite development (#1088)
datacommonsorg/website: docs/developer_guide.md

## Prerequisites

### Basic Development

> For development that only involves minor bug fix and feature addition, need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For development that only involves minor bug fixes or feature additions, the following steps are required:
```

- Install [`nodejs`](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

- Initialize the mixer submodule

  ```bash
  git submodule update --init --recursive
  ```

### Place Search

> Development that involves place search need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development that involves place search needs the following additional requirements:
```

- Contact Data Commons team to get dev maps api key.

- Install [`gcloud`](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install)

- Get GCP authentication

  ```bash
  gcloud auth application-default login
  ```

### Develop with Kubernetes

> This is only needed if developing in local Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is only needed for development with a local Kubernetes cluster (e.g. for changes dependent on mixer changes).
```
